he imitated the amount of myths and legends
about how this food was made
scrap or this low meal
nourishingly speaking the truth that I
to know the step with this information
answered one by one all the questions
about this but it's already with
us maria jesus barraza
nutritionist to worker's hospital
to talk about if it's so harmful
how they say junk food or not
thanks for being here fagot
good morning if it really is so
harmful as we saw in the image this is
magic is a little more than I already know
I knew they actually show that they try to
pretend that they do it only with
chicken breast but well it is totally
wrong is wrong is impossible
what happens is that in a laboratory
Pesco dress different brands of nuggets
and what I analyze clearly was this thing
of bone fat cartilage
chicken and mcdonald went out to show
that his own processes were like that
they were either they are declaring
transparency but that no one is that
are even those who do not understand
a supermarket I say clearly what I will see
alone well indeed they are made with
this crap in the bottom there's even
a worse study in the usa that says that the
worse worse worse edible for children than
Generally, how crafty is the boy?
the fried fish because what they put
over then the oil stuck
horrible hydrogenation yes clear what
happens is that a set of things
independent descriptions with
only chicken breast and many
critical nutrients involved in this
the high amount of sodium fats
saturated the issue of whether or not
they make fried then
They are meant all components
our friend was saying because
They need this food to have a
true how to say a component
addictive finds the need
evolutionary of man it must be said that
we must recognize this already in the year 2004
a documentary called super
size I know what you mean he wants
enlarge your combo and where this man
morgan spurlock decides to do the
experiment with your own body and
for more than a month he eats only food
in this store
it's true and when he proposes
that just like a happy customer every
Once the cashier tells you you want
enlarge potatoes and say yes so
that the conclusion is that in the end
began to present a series of
physical problems
it's a very very healthy guy in fact the
start as I was overcome these
nice autonomous but after
quickly the body adapted and only
we left had this addiction for this
food is worth this generated that this chain
of party to begin to include
salads until today
exist
then the next one is critical with the
over the years it took us to
place the amount of calories that
included that each of the combos and there
to say that mcdonald applauds for
they have done tremendous campaign where
obviously their cattle are many
have made them transparent in a way
given and many more people to do the
hamburger according to your process you have to
clarify that not only mcdonald's trial
for nothing on the contrary those are all
the fast food chains of some
way that if one consumes it
constantly
mcdonald I have talked to us
they say that the usual consumer of
madonna eats something like four times
a month or whatever the problem let's say is
precisely in making breakfast
Lunch lunch this but eat it
well when I confess I at least
how a lot 15 is a year at least
because it comes out more to try
make this situation transparent is for this
image of the substance
this is the origin of the nuggets saying
I do not know what is done with breast I'm going now
I like to pay a brisket at home
chicken the kitchen and try the know
just as a get is not clear if
written the problem returns to quote the
super size documentary and make them pay
some french fries and put them some
on a plate and says I'm not going to touch them and
at the a home-made party then
happens that it was created and the fries
normal was lasting
week and they went black they were from
worm and the other nothing happened to them
then he began to wonder and from
there began 100 documentaries that the
quantity of flavoring preservatives
that are the dangerous and healthy the
substance in the food itself are those that
could we say put on fabric
judgment as to what good they have a
series of requirements that are super
important and I have friends who have
worked in this chain and the
burgers all the food is done
it has to be so many minutes per clock
they are super strict has a manual
super strict because they can not sell
a hamburger that injured two
hours the minimum burger has to
last 15 and only with the fast food that
this height is considered a pleasure
guilty the problem is not the food
junk itself but the friend of the
person in relation to the problem
then we appear cereals
It also has a high degree of sodium or
there are a lot of products that
we are placing so you have to
act to them what happens is that a good
year does not agree with the theme that
McDonald is being given so many
credits because because there
transparent to certain things to
I find that they have a campaign their
advertising obviously calls that everything
more than anything we have for the
children who are the ones who are most attracted
for advertising campaigns that go
adding gift toys and also
this type of companies not only
mcdonald how are you also
sponsors of olympic tournaments
those of activities that in turn are
healthy for us and they are going to
bleach
the expression but only for the
blame is not that I'm going to officiate a
tournament is not that there is such a company x
it's from the parents that finally
make it easy to sell food
healthy hamburger making the
child to make you hook
commercial with children 's toys
to sell you has suffered so many
modifications that in the end remained in
something
and in the end the baby will be with all
us because they were going to do this topic
of the colors with the nutrients
criticism that sodium sugar
fats with colors that do not impact the
time to buy and be able to choose
us as parents or as with the
same children at the end since they are going to
leave out of schools eradicated
they are small things that of course
little something besides Jesus I love you
ask because I did not know it was
tremendously dangerous and put ice cream